Tidying, testing and refactoring (#24)
aspiredu/moodle-local_aspiredu: README.md

![Build Status](https://github.com/aspiredu/moodle-local_aspiredu/actions/workflows/master.yml/badge.svg?branch=dev)

AspirEDU Integration
===========================

> Aocal plugin for Moodle which provides a set of webservices, a webservice function and an LTI gateway to power the Aspiredu product suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A local plugin for Moodle which provides a set of web services, a web service function and an LTI gateway to power the AspirEDU product suite.
```

Installation
===========

There are two methods for installing the plugin, in both cases you will need to have your product URL and key.

> Method 1 - upoload via Moodle UI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Method 1 - upload via Moodle UI:
```
